Creation of the flightctl agent image (#34)
flightctl/flightctl: README.md

```

The Grafana and Prometheus web UIs are then accessible on `http://localhost:3000` and `http://localhost:9090`, respectively.

## Public Service Enrollment

> A public version of FlightCtl is running on a OpenShift cluster managed by Red Hat. This provide the capability of having a public service for enrolling your own devices and showcase FlightCtl.

Reviewer: That service is for internal development/demos, so not accessible publicly. How about we keep this section generic, describing the general process how to build and use a bootc image with the agent and configuring it for a given service?

Author: ack

RUN ln -s /usr/lib/systemd/system/flightctl-agent.service /usr/lib/systemd/system/multi-user.target.wants/
RUN ostree container commit 

```

In order to make this work for your own service, first you need to have deployed the service (by following the section above where the podman-compose manifests is applied).

Execute `make rpm` to build the agent RPM package. It will be picked up and injected into the image.
Now, add the following assets to the directory `packaging/flightctl-custom-assets/`:

- The public SSH key you want to inject as `packaging/flightctl-custom-assets/flightctl_rsa.pub`
- The CA certificate:  `packaging/flightctl-custom-assets/ca.crt`
- The client enrollment keypair: 
  - `packaging/flightctl-custom-assets/client-enrollment.crt`
  - `packaging/flightctl-custom-assets/client-enrollment.key`
- The configuration file that points to your service: `packaging/flightctl-custom-assets/config.yaml`

It is important to highlight, that in a production environment, SSH will be disabled by default for security reasons. 
The certificates will be stored probably in `$HOME/.flightctl/certs/`.

The config.yaml should look like this:

```

> agent:
>   server: https://localhost:3333
>   enrollementUi: https://localhost:3333
>   statusUpdateInterval: 1m0s
>   fetchSpecInterval: 1m0s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
agent:
  server: https://localhost
  enrollementUi: https://localhost
  statusUpdateInterval: 1m0s
  fetchSpecInterval: 1m0s
```

With the helm files we are providing it just goes to plain 443

Author: The helm charts are only for K8s deployments. Did that change for podman compose local deployments too? I'd like to put it as generic as possible.

```

> Change localhost by the IP of the machine where the service is exposed. Take into account that these services must be exposed to where the agent is going to be deployed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Change localhost by the IP/hostname and port where the service is exposed. Take into account that these services must be exposed to where the agent is going to be deployed.
```

What do you mean by "Take into account that these services must be exposed to where the agent is going to be deployed." ?

Reviewer 2: May be... take into account these services must be accessible from where the agent is going to be deployed ?

Author: Hey! yes, brain switched off yesterday night... xD

I'll rephrase it, I just wanted to say that services must be reachable by the agent device.

Reviewer: Using active voice may be easier to read: "Take into account that agents must be able to connect to the service."

Author: +1

Now it's time to build the image! If you want to experiment with it, and push it to your own registry, you can do something like:

```
podman build -t quay.io/$MYQUAYUSER/flightctl-agent:latest -f packaging/Containerfile.fedora ./
podman push quay.io/$MYQUAYUSER/flightctl-agent:latest
```

In order to make the deployment of this image easy, you can convert it to QCOW2 format and use it as a raw disk in Libvirt. The following command will create a file called disk.qcow2 within the output folder:

```

> mkdir output && sudo podman run     --rm     -it     --privileged     --pull=newer     --security-opt label=type:unconfined_t     -v $(pwd)/output:/output     quay.io/centos-bootc/bootc-image-builder:latest   quay.io/$MYQUAYUSER/flightctl-agent:latest
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
mkdir output && sudo podman run --rm -it --privileged --pull=newer \
                                                    --security-opt label=type:unconfined_t \
                                                    -v $(pwd)/output:/output \
                                                    quay.io/centos-bootc/bootc-image-builder:latest \
                                                    quay.io/$MYQUAYUSER/flightctl-agent:latest
```

since I am in nit picking mode, feel free to ignore ':D

Reviewer 2: welll it ended weird.. mehh

Author: Thanks, actually it had the indentation from the terminal separated in different lines, but I copied the wrong output!
